ID Situación	Texto Situación Original	Texto Situación	Texto A Original	Texto A	Texto B Original	Texto B		ID Mensaje Final	Final Bueno Original	Final Bueno	Final Malo Original	Final Malo
1	En la oficina, suena tu teléfono. De la escuela te avisan que nadie fue a buscar a tu hijo.	Your phone rings at the office. It's the school: no one picked up your son yet.	[Buscas a tu hijo] Te disculpas con tu jefe y salis a buscar a tu hijo. Preferis quedarte con la tranquilidad de que llegue a casa. Después harás horas extras, otra vez.	[Pick up your son] You apologize to your boss and go pick up your son, even though it was not your turn this time. You will need to work long hours again, but at least you're at ease knowing he will arrive home safe.	[Seguis trabajando] Llamas a tu ex-marido que te contesta con un bostezo. Te dice que ahí vay corta la llamada. Rogas que no se vuelva a dormir. A la tarde sabrás si buscó a tu hijo.	[Keep Working] You call your husband, who answers the phone wth a yawn. He tells you he will pick him up and quickly ends the call. You pray to heaven that he doesn't fall asleep again. You will know if your son arrived at home at the end of your shift.		1	Won: Envía foto del CV con sello de "Promovida"	Won: Sends a picture of her resume with a "promoted" seal	Won: Envia Carita Triste.	Won: Sends sad selfie.
2	Tu ex-marido se llevó a tu hijo por primera vez en mucho tiempo. Finalmente tenes una noche libre para salir.	Your son will stay at your ex-husband's house for the first time in a whiile. You finally have a free evening to enjoy.	[Cenas con tu familia] Vas a cenar con tu familia. En la cena no dejan de cuestionar tu divorcio y decir que el único trabajo de una madre debería ser cuidar a sus hijos.	[Dinner with family] You go to have dinner with your family. Throughout the meal, they can't seem to stop cuestioning your divorce and reminding you that a mothers only job should be taking care of her child.	[Salis con tus amigas] Salis a encontrarte con tu grupo de amigas. La noche se llena de charlas, risas y apoyo mutuo. Recordás lo bien que te hace tu comunidad.	[Go out with friends] You meet your friends at a bar. The evening fills up with the sound of laughter as you enjoy their company and support. You remember how good it is to be among your people.		2	Won: Me ascendieron! Finalmente pude romper el techo de cristal. Hacer escuchar mi voz valió la pena!	I was promoted! Finally, I was able to break the glass ceiling. Make myself heard was worth it!	Won: No me ascendieron. Debería haberme hecho escuchar	Won: I didn't get promoted. I should have made myself heard.
3	El grupo de mensajes de la escuela no deja de sonar. De nuevo te piden que colabores con el acto escolar.	The school's mom group chat fills us with messages. They are asking for help with some school event once again.	[Te negas] Te disculpas, pero sabes que no llegarías a ayudar ahora que tenes un trabajo a tiempo completo. 	[Refuse to help] You apologize to them, but you know you wouldn't have time to help them now that you have a full time job.	[Aceptas ayudar] Muy a tu pesar, aceptas ayudar. Sabes que se vienen largas noches sin dormir. Al menos sabes que esta vez no te van a criticar a tus espaldas.	[Agree to help] Even though you don't want to, you agree to help. You know that you will face long nights with no sleep. At least this way you now they won't criticize you behind your back.		3	Amiga 1: Felicitaciones amiga! Sabíamos que ibas a poder lograrlo!	Friend 1: Congrats Won! We knew you could do it!	Amiga 1: La próxima vas a conseguir!!	Friend 1: You will next time!
4	Te asignan tu primer cliente: una empresa de ropa para maternar! Tu compañero cishetero te quiere explicar cómo tratar el tema para llegar a más madres.	You are assigned your first client: a maternity clothing brand. A cisgender male coworker wants to give you pointers on how to adress the subject to appeal to your target.	[Te quedas callada] Anotas sus ideas incluso sabiendo que sobre este tema sos más experta que él. No te animas a expresar tu opinión por miedo al conflicto.	[Keep quiet] You take not of his ideas, even though you are an expert on the subjet and he isn't. You are afraid of speaking up because you want to avoid conflict.	[Haces escuchar tu voz] Le decis que como madre, entendes mejor que él cómo apelar a ese público.	[Make your voice heard] You let him know that as a mother, and an experienced professional on the subject, you know how to appeal to the target better than him.		4	Amiga 2: Hay que salir a festejar	Friend 2: We should go out for drinks.	Amiga 2: Es dificil despegarse del suelo pegajoso	Friend 2: It's hard to get off the sticky floor
5	Estás presentando una idea en el trabajo, pero nadie te presta atención. Un compañero te interrumpe y cuenta exactamente lo mismo, como si fuera su idea.	You are expressing your opinion on a work subject at the office, but know seems to be listening. A male coworker interrupts you an repeats your opinion as if it was his own.	[No decis nada] Ves como lo felicitan por su aporte. Quisieras decir algo al respecto, pero no queres "causar una escena". Siempre se quejan de tus compañeras que lo hacen.	[Say nothing] You see how your coworker is praised because of this contribution. You'd like to say something, but don't want to "cause a scene". They always complain of your female coworkers that speak up.	[Lo interrumpis] Demostras como eso es lo que estabas explicando y que agradeceria que no se otorgue crédito por tu idea.	[Interrupt him] You expose how he is repeating the exact same thing you were just saying and mention you would appreciate if he stopped giving himself credit for your opinion.		5	Amiga 3: Brindemos! Por más mujeres haciéndose valer	Friend 3: Let's toast! For more women making themselves heard!	Amiga 3: Mientras nos tenes a nosotras	Friend 3: In the meantime, we got your back
6	Llegas a tu casa después de un largo día de trabajo, pero la rutina no se termina. La casa sigue desordenada y tu hijo no deja de pedir ayuda con su tarea.	You arrive at your home after a long day of work, but it doesn't end here. Your house it's still messy and your son keeps asking for help with his homework.	[Limpias la casa] No tenes la energía para ayudar a tu hijo con su tarea. Se va ofendido a su cuarto. Tenes que ordenar la casa sola, otra vez. 	[Clean your house] You don't have the mental energy to help him with his homework. He storms off to his room. Once again, you have to clean up your house all by yourself.	[Lo ayudas con la tarea] Sabes que la casa no se va a limpiar sola, pero lo dejas para otro día. Aunque sea sabes que esta vez tu hijo va a estar agradecido.	[Help with the homework] You know your house won't magically be tidy, but it's a problem for the future. At least you know that your son will be thankful for your help.			 			
7	En el subte, de camino a tu casa, un hombre se abre de pierna empujándote e invadiendo tu espacio.	On the subway ride to your home, a man spreads his legs and pushes you to the corner while invading your space.	[Te arrinconas] Acorralada contra el extremo del asiento, te quedas callada. No te animas a molestarlo, incluso si te está molestando a vos.	[Make yourself small] You keep your quiet while trying to make yourself maller. You don't feel comfortable bothering him, even though he's bothering you.	[Lo empujas] Fastidiada por la situación, estiras tus pierna, obligándolo a cerrar las suyas. Miras la confusión en sus ojos y sonreís.	[Spread back] Annoyed by the situation, you spread your legs, forcing him to close his. You see the confused look on his eyes and smile.						
8	Te invitaron a un evento del trabajo, pero no tenes ropa formal para asistir. Necesitas comprarte, pero estás cuidando a tu hijo que ya se fastidió con la idea de salir.	You were invited to a work conference, but don't have formal clothing to wear. You should go shopping, but you're with your son and he is already annoyed with the idea of going out. 	[Vas a un local del barrio] Cuando entrás, te miran de arriba a abajo con desprecio. "Para vos no hay", te dicen antes de que siquiera saludes.	[Go to a local shop] When you go inside, they size you up with contempt.  "We don't carry your size", they say before you even get the chance yo say "hi".	[Vas a un locar inclusivo] Dejas a tu hijo con su padre. Las tareas de cuidado son compartidas. Te vas a un local con una tabla de talles inclusivos. El viaje vale la pena, porque para vos sí hay.	[Go to an inclusive brand] You leave your son at his father's house. A child care is a father's responsibility as well. You go to a brand that carries all sizes. The long travel is worth it because you find just the right thing.						